API Network Guidelines (#1639)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: v6/postman_for_publishers/api_network/add_api_network.md

---
title: "Add APIs to API network"
page_id: "add_api_network"
warning: false

---

> The Postman API Network provides the most authentic and actionable directory of public APIs available. Every API listed in this network includes a complete Postman collection, created by the API's publisher. Postman specifically designed the API list to onboard developers quickly and effectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Postman API Network provides the most trustworthy and easy-to-use directory of public APIs available. Every API listed in this network includes a complete Postman collection, created by the API's publisher. Postman specifically designed the API Network to onboard developers quickly and effectively.
```

> ### How to add APIs to API Network

Reviewer 2: Can we have a section somewhere which distinguishes between when to submit to API Network and when to submit as a Template?

> Make sure your API has proper summary, description and Team description. Verify your team name, logo, and other details. Select the categories that best describe your APIs and service. 

Reviewer: Can we add a link to the publishing flow here before we start getting into the required elements?
